add EDH_Ctagged (#3651)
perma-id/w3id.org: EDH_Ctagged/README.md

# EDH Ctagged Inscriptions

## What is this dataset?
This dataset includes the XML files for mainly Latin inscriptions. All inscription data is based on [the Epigraphic Database Heidelberg](https://edh.ub.uni-heidelberg.de/), one of the most well-known databases in the Roman studies, by downloading all the XML files it provided in Creative Commons Licence BY-SA. 

> However, we made slight additional editings to that in order to enable more sophisticated and granular use of epigraphic text data. The modifications are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we made slight additional edits to that, to enable more sophisticated and granular use of epigraphic text data. The modifications are as follows:
```

> - put \<c\> to each single characters in the text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- put \<c\> to each single character in the text
```

- use \<sourceDoc\> as a text container instead of original \<body\>
- replace \<lb\> empty tag with \<line\>

> As modifications are all processed automatically using Python, there must be some small problems in the files (and maybe huge ones too). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As modifications are all processed automatically using Python, there will be some small problems in the files (and maybe huge ones, too). 
```

## What the advantage?

> As each character in the texts is now marked with \<c\> and given xml:id, we can now refer it as a web data resource with respective URI. This makes more granular encoding of textual data possible, for example, connceting each character resource to an image corresponded, putting caligraphical information on it, or giving 3D spatial coordinates on the character level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As each character in the texts is now marked with \<c\> and given xml:id, we can now refer it as a web data resource with respective URI. This makes more granular encoding of textual data possible, for example, connecting each character resource to a corresponding image, putting calligraphical information on it, or giving 3D spatial coordinates on the character level. 
```

> As each character in the texts is now marked with \<c\> and given xml:id, we can now refer it as a web data resource with respective URI. This makes more granular encoding of textual data possible, for example, connecting each character resource to a corresponding image, putting calligraphical information on it, or giving 3D spatial coordinates on the character level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As each character in the texts is marked with \<c\> and given xml:id, we can refer to it as a web data resource with respective URI. This makes more granular encoding of textual data possible, for example, connecting each character resource to a corresponding image, putting calligraphic information on it, or giving 3D spatial coordinates on the character level. 
```
